# How computers work:
## First of all we must know that:
* Its a first step of every single thing these days
* all things in the world have its own software(*).
* computers are in every where..in your pocket , home and all over the world.
* first designed computer was a very big as a room size then as you see it becomes as a palm of the hand .
##### For example and (*)
- when learning machine would to:
1. Input information
1. Storage them
1. Pocessing and its related things.(by algorithm..its a series of commads)
1. Output the results
### Binary number system:
in binary system we only have 0 and 1 and (every number created from 2 and its multipliers).
in decimal system we have numbers and (every number created from 10 and its multipliers).
* >so that any number can be generated by 0 and 1.
#### Images and videos and even sounds are generated by 0 and 1 .
### very important thing to be noticed:
* Its avery important thing to notice that everything we can possibly do with techology requires lots of information to be processed extremely quickly.
* computers are being used in every single thing in our life even in clothes and fabrics..drawing ...hard works...etc.
* 
* 
### Even if we press a key in thwe keyboard its a complicated process.
* From the keyboard to the Cpu then to the memory back to cpu to merge it to the out put machine.
* these days they created a very creative thing in the compuers so that they takes information from the physical world then move it cpu's then to memories then back to the physical world. letterly its amazing..
#### Hardware and software:
* we must know that:
1. Hardware consist of...plugs,wires,stuff,chips,speaker that we can see .
1. Software is in everything,, like apps and games even that we dont see it 
1. The most magical usefull thing in the harware is the cpu it processing and merge information to various places (to any input and output machine)
1. Cpu is the linking circle of all of the parts in the computer.
1. OS is responsible to run different programs in the computer even in the same time.
1. You and just you who makes the computers be as a use full 
''' tool ''' .
